c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\obj\Debug\InLabP.DAL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\InLabP.DAL.dll.config
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\InLabP.DAL.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\InLabP.DAL.pdb
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.Design.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.Design.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\obj\Debug\InLabP.DAL.dll
c:\Users\Damian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\InLabP\InLabP.DAL\obj\Debug\InLabP.DAL.pdb
